[DOCS] Adds feature encoding documentation under Concepts (#1313)
elastic/stack-docs: docs/en/stack/ml/df-analytics/dfa-classification.asciidoc

////

[[dfa-classification-feature-encoding]]
=== Feature encoding

Every {ml} model can only work with numerical values. For this reason, it is 
required to transform the categorical values of the relevant features into 
numerical ones. This process is called feature encoding.

{dfanalytics-cap} automatically performs feature encoding. During which the 
input data is pre-processed with the following encoding techniques:

* one-hot encoding,
* target-mean encoding,

> * frequency encoding.

Reviewer: I think a small description what each of these mean would be good. Or at least links to some nice descriptions.

After the {classification} model performed the prediction, {dfanalytics} maps 

> the numerical output provided by the model to the categorical labels.

Reviewer: I don't understand what you are trying to say here. Here is some more information that you might want to include.

When the model makes predictions on new data, the data needs processing in the same way in which it is trained. 

Machine learning model inference in the elastic stack does this automatically. Meaning, the automatically applied encodings are used in each call for inference.

When feature importance is calculated, we calculate the feature importance for the original categorical fields. Not the automatically encoded features.

////

[[dfa-classification-feature-encoding]]
=== Feature encoding

> Every {ml} model can only work with numerical values. For this reason, it is 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{ml-cap} models can only work with numerical values. For this reason, it is 
```

> required to transform the categorical values of the relevant features into 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
necessary to transform the categorical values of the relevant features into 
```

> numerical ones. This process is called feature encoding.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
numerical ones. This process is called _feature encoding_.
```

> {dfanalytics-cap} automatically performs feature encoding. During which the 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{dfanalytics-cap} automatically performs feature encoding. The 
```

input data is pre-processed with the following encoding techniques:

> * one-hot encoding: It is the process of assigning vectors consist of 0 and 1 to 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* one-hot encoding: Assigns vectors to 
```

  each category. The vector represent whether the corresponding feature is 

>   present (1) or not (0). The number of vectors correlates to the number of 

Reviewer 2: > The number of vectors...

This sentence doesn't seem very informative.  Is that information necessary?

  categories and the number of relevant features.

> * target-mean encoding: In this method, the categorical values are replaced by 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* target-mean encoding: Replaces categorical values with 
```

  the mean value of the target variable.
  

> * frequency encoding: This encoding technique takes into account how many times 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* frequency encoding: Takes into account how many times 
```

  a given categorical value is present in relation with a feature.

When the model makes predictions on new data, the data needs to be processed in 

> the same way in which it is trained. {ml-cap} model <<ml-inference,inference>> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the same way it was trained. {ml-cap} model <<ml-inference,inference>> 
```
